and welcome to this render studios
cinema 4d tutorial this tutorial out how
to batch render using the render queue
inside cinema4d r-13 i've never a chance
to use our 12 but as far as i'm aware
these sayings are pretty much the same
so i'm going to show you using these
bingo balls we've created they've got a
nice gloss on them the way we're gonna
render is we're going to render them as
PNG sequences so what I like to do
whilst you show my folders a lot project
one which has got the model and textures
in the same goes for number two and then
inside a renders folder which I've made
I've made a folder ready for the first
ball in the second one so the first
thing you wanna do is you want to open
all your projects so just go to project
2 so that's not open yet and then using
your window tab you can go through your
projects down at the bottom and go into
your render settings now all my output
fields are already sold for me in the
save tab this is where you can see I've
selected the number one ball folder
that's also up for me then I need to go
to file save and then go to bottom to
again check your render settings I set
these up just before in the record one
save again I've saved it into bingo
board number two as you can see I'm
rendering all frames in my save tab it
says as a PNG sequence with an alpha
Channel so once you've done this you
want to go back to bonbon go to render
add to render queue just pull this aside
then go to ball number two go to render
render queue if you haven't saved it yet
you'll be prompted so just click yes and
inside this render queue there are a few
options which you can look up you've got
the chance to reorder the order the
rendering now the good thing about the
render queue is that it will save all
the jobs that you've queued so you can
uncheck something now and if you want to
render it say tomorrow you can reopen in
providing you haven't moved any of the
files around to be able to just check it
against a rendering another thing which
you can do is you can use the control
bar on your keyboard and drag and I'll
make a copy we don't need to do that for
now so I'll just do it and that's about
it once you're ready to render just go
to jobs star rendering as you can see in
progress and you get this progress
barrel on the bottom which fills a poor
engine once it's completed it'll go
green you've still got the ability to
uncheck things and move them around if
you say you had a few more copies you
could still reorder them now you also
get a time when you render start an
estimated time for how long is left to
render and how long it's been rendering
okay so I'll just skip forward a little
bit save you from watching those files
render as you can see it's saying each
one of them's finished and they've gone
green in the progress bar the render
time for the first one was 12 minutes
and 33 seconds and 12 minutes 56 for the
second close this now you'll see inside
the renders folder you can see there's
101 atoms in each smaller
because remember they were image
sequences instead of movie files and if
you go back into your projects folders
you'll see these log files you don't
really need to keep these sir you can
just remove them if you want and that's
about it
hey we've enjoyed this quick tip
tutorial we'll be recording some more
full-length and in-depth cinema 4d title
sequences and that sort of thing in the
near future thank you very much